Doc 806 split environment variables page (#1991)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/configuration/environment-variables/executions.md

---
title: Executions environment variables
description: Environment variables to configure settings related to workflow executions. 
contentType: reference
tags:
  - environment variables
hide:
  - toc
  - tags
---

# Executions environment variables

> This section outlines environment variables to configure settings related to workflow executions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists environment variables to configure workflow execution settings.
```
